Update self-hosted docs (#557)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/quickstart/self-hosted.mdx

---
title: Setting up a self-hosted supergraph
description: Host your supergraph in your own infrastructure
---

> > The Apollo Router provides expanded performance, security, and customization features for organizations with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](/graphos/enterprise/).

Reviewer: While you don't require  enterprise plans for the router, I was under the impression that self-hosted supergraphs were Enterprise only. Is that not accurate?

If that's correct, I would prefer to keep the current callout since the page is about setting up a self-hosted supergraph.

Reviewer: That was my understanding too :), which is why I thought it might be fair to say "Self-hosted supergraphs are an Enterprise feature." Maybe that's confusing because people conflate "self-hosted supergraph" with "self-hosted router."

Regardless, folks can't complete the steps in this tutorial without being on Ent, right? If that's the case, I think it deserves a mention at the top of the page so that users don't start following the instructions and then get frustrated later when they can't complete them.

Maybe we open with this:

```suggestion
> Connecting a self-hosted Apollo Router to GraphOS requires an Enterprise plan. Organizations with an Enterprise plan also have access to expanded performance, security, and customization features in the router.
```

> **Self-hosted supergraphs are an [Enterprise feature](/graphos/enterprise/)** for organizations with advanced performance or compliance requirements.
>
> The Apollo Router provides expanded performance, security, and customization features for organizations with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](/graphos/enterprise/).
> 
> If your organization _doesn't_ currently have an Enterprise plan, you can test out this functionality by signing up for a free [Enterprise trial](https://studio.apollographql.com/signup?type=enterprise-trial&referrer=docs-content).

> This tutorial gets you up and running with GraphOS and a self-hosted supergraph. If your organization _doesn't_ currently have an Enterprise plan and you want to test out this functionality, **[sign up for a free Enterprise trial.](../org/plans/#enterprise-trials)**

Author: Duplicate text from above

Reviewer: Thanks for catching that! I think we can keep the first line and use this as an opportunity to explain the nuance between self-hosted supergraphs requiring enterprise, though the router itself doesn't. Something like this:

This tutorial gets you up and running with GraphOS and a self-hosted supergraph, using the Apollo Router. While you can run the router for free regardless of your Apollo plan, connecting the router to GraphOS requires an enterprise plan.

Author: Accepted the other edits

Reviewer: Thanks, it's all just a bunch of blockquotes now, so [reformatted that](https://github.com/apollographql/docs/pull/557/commits/238d8b0e6935f5ebf4d82f2903a0746e2f42cc3a).

LGTM, will merge once the deploy preview finishes building.
